---
layout: post
title:  "Revisiting 2016"
date:   2021-07-30 20:18:23 +0700
categories: [self-mockery]
---

# Tripping Through Time

I ended up curious about what information I've been leaving around as I've become more
relaxed about having an identity online and found this fun gem. I wrote this in the middle
of yet another attempt at becoming a functional human being.  

Unsurprisingly, I have not accomplished even the most minor part of the overall plan I
discovered this nestled within.  

> Do it as basic and simple as you can at first. Deciding that WordPress is awful and
> setting out to write it yourself will ruin it. Going to brush up on your PHP so you can
> write a good back-end? Don’t you need a good design first? Haven’t played in GIMP or
> Inkscape in a while, have you? Wait….what were you doing? Right! Design! Better keep it
> simple and lay it out on paper. Which overpriced, imported notebook works best for what
> you need? Got your dot-grid-with-lined-sheets-every-other-page-notebook ready for this
> awful sketch? Is that a Pilot rollerball? Should probably find a more suitable tool for
> this work of art. Surely there’s one that is capable around here…. As soon as that Lamy
> fountain pen gets in you’ll get back to this. But there are so many kinds of ink! You need
> waterproof, don’t you? For all the time you spend in the water? Think there are any kayaks
> on craigslist for a good price? Probably at least some decent camping gear. Why does it
> cost so much to go outside? You can probably make something else work. But, you do want to
> be comfortable and enjoy your time without worrying about your gear, don’t you? It’s
> expensive because it works. Spend less time worrying about money and more time enjoying
> yourself. Jesus. REI is probably having some ridiculous sell, anyway. All you really need
> is a bag, sleeping bag, tarp… No. Design. No, it doesn’t need to look good, it needs to
> work! PHP. But…shouldn’t you take this opportunity to check out what nginx is all about?
> You don’t want to use CentOS though, do you? Better brush up on every distribution there
> is. Got one? CentOS? Well, okay… But hey, what if you configured the server entirely via
> chef / puppet? Better make sure that is highly available and supports DNS round-robin.
> You’re not going with ext4, are you? Isn’t that a little boring? What’s RiSER like?
> Remember when you were learning Python? You really should have stuck with that. But now
> isn’t the time! You have productivity to enable. PHP. Step One: A Very Basic Blog. Shit.
> Of course this requires a database. But there is a whole world of different databases, how
> do you choose? MySQL is boring. Remember Larry? What do you think he’s up to? What about
> the Caswell’s and Steve? Maybe you should go to Faux Pas and see if you can bump in to
> them. Probably not, that place is awful. You should go play some pool at Muck’s instead.
> Not too late, though. You’re going to go for a run in the morning, right? You should bring
> Julian. He’ll love the Zombies, Run! thing. He just needs to get out and spend some time
> with you and everything will be good. Better set your alarm for 7 now so you have some
> motivation. You know, you should really create a GTD platform bringing together all the
> pieces of other platforms you’ve wasted weeks at a time on before abandoning and embracing
> the inevitable entropy that takes over afterwards. You do have that domain that you’re not
> doing anything with. You could use that. WordPress is pretty basic and doesn’t really
> provide any good learning opportunities, though. You should write it yourself. You should
> brush up on your PHP so you can write a good back-end. But really, don’t you waste too
> much time trying to be productive and away from your family and the things you’d rather be
> doing? Aren’t you happier when you don’t touch a computer for a week and spend your days
> outside? You don’t need a productivity platform. Do whatever you want, whenever you want
> it. Don’t you kind of want to go skating? Or set up the slackline? Or play disc golf? Or
> go camping? Can’t really do many of those things in your shape though, can you? Find and
> charge your fitbit, go buy a Kumbucha and some comfy yoga pants; you have work to do.
